DM-21466: devtoolset-8 is now being used (#140)
lsst/pipelines_lsst_io: install/prereqs/centos.rst

.. note::

>    **New since 19.0**: The gcc compiler to be used must support **C++ 14**. The gcc compiler version used in both Red Hat / CentOS 6 and 7 to verify the LSST Science Pipelines 15.0 distribution is **gcc 8.3.1**, provided by devtoolset-8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **New after 19.0**: The gcc compiler to be used must support **C++ 14**. The gcc compiler version used in both Red Hat / CentOS 6 and 7 to verify distributions after LSST Science Pipelines 19.0 is **gcc 8.3.1**, provided by devtoolset-8.
```
